- restore ability to use a random container name (#1410)
fabric8io/docker-maven-plugin: src/main/asciidoc/inc/image/_naming.adoc

| *%i*
| An index which is incremented if a container has already been created. With this parameter it is easily possible to have multiple, similar containers. See the example below for more details.

> | *%r*

Reviewer: Is it required that %r is given as a single argument ? What happens to any additional character added to the pattern ? Are they just ignored ? If so, then  %r is not the same like the other "placeholders" as it just indicates a different behaviour that e.g. no name should be set at all. While the feature to have random containers names is desirable, its probably not a good fit to introduce it via a placeholder pattern.

> | *%r*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *%e*
```

Can we use something different than `%r` please ? Because in the future we might also to add `%r` as a placeholder for a client-side random number, that we add to some pattern.

> | A random container name choosen by the docker engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An empty name that triggers are random container name chosen by the docker engine. If using `%r` this must be the only content of this pattern. Otherwise, an error is thrown.
```
